[Response Ops][9.x & Serverless]: Improve docs for recovered status (#2597)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/incident-management/view-alerts.md

::::

`recovered`
:   The conditions for the rule are no longer met. If the rule has [recovery actions](../../../explore-analyze/alerts-cases/alerts/create-manage-rules.md#defining-rules-actions-details), {{kib}} generates notifications based on the actions' notification settings. Recovery actions only run if the rule's conditions aren't met during the current rule execution, but were in the previous one. 

    An active alert changes to recovered if the conditions for the rule that generated it are no longer met. 

>     A flapping alert changes to recovered if the conditions for the rule that generated it are no longer met, and the alert's status stabilizes before refufilling the criteria for the flapping state. For instance, say that you specify an alert must change its status at least 6 times in the last 10 runs for it to become a flapping alert. If a flapping alert only changes its status 5 times in the last 10 runs, and rule's conditions are not met during the fifth rule run, the alert's status changes from flapping to recovered. 

Author: Thanks for the rewrite - how's this?

```suggestion
    A flapping alert changes to recovered when the rule's conditions are unmet met for a specific number of consecutive runs. This number is determined by the **Alert status change threshold** setting, which you can configure under the **Alert flapping detection** settings.

For instance, if the threshold is set so an alert must change status at least 6 times in the last 10 runs to be considered flapping, then for the flapping alert to recover, the rule's conditions must remain unmet for 6 consecutive runs. If the rule's conditions are met at any point during this recovery period, the count of consecutive unmet runs will reset, requiring the alert to remain unmet for an additional 6 consecutive runs to finally be reported as recovered.

```

>     A flapping alert changes to recovered if the conditions for the rule that generated it are no longer met, and the alert's status stabilizes before refufilling the criteria for the flapping state. For instance, say that you specify an alert must change its status at least 6 times in the last 10 runs for it to become a flapping alert. If a flapping alert only changes its status 5 times in the last 10 runs, and rule's conditions are not met during the fifth rule run, the alert's status changes from flapping to recovered. 

Reviewer: Yeah that looks good to me! Thanks 🙂

`flapping`
:   The alert is switching repeatedly between active and recovered states.

::::{note}
**Flapping alerts**

The flapping state is possible only if you have enabled alert flapping detection. Go to the **Alerts** page and click **Manage Rules** to navigate to the **{{rules-app}}** page. Click **Settings** then set the look back window and threshold that are used to determine whether alerts are flapping. For example, you can specify that the alert must change status at least 6 times in the last 10 runs. If the rule has actions that run when the alert status changes, those actions are suppressed while the alert is flapping.

::::

`recovered`

> :   The conditions for the rule are no longer met and recovery actions should be generated. Alerts will change to the recovered state if the rule's conditions are not met for the number of consecutive runs defined in its look back window. 

Reviewer: >  The conditions for the rule are no longer met and recovery actions should be generated. Alerts will change to the recovered state if the rule's conditions are not met for the number of consecutive runs defined in its look back window.

The second half of this definition only applies to when the alerts are in the flapping state. I think we should specify if the alert is flapping then the alert will change to the recovered state if the rule's conditions are not met for the number of consecutive runs. One other small thing is that the number of consecutive runs are defined by the status change threshold not the lookback window.
